Lang. + formatting fixes in Security overview (#2)
dbungert/subiquity: doc/explanation/security-overview.rst

.. _subiquity-security-overview:

Subiquity security overview
===========================

This explanation covers several security-related topics for the Subiquity and
Ubuntu-desktop-bootstrap installation ISO images.

About the installer user
------------------------

At installation time, the default user should be considered to have root
privileges.  The installation system must be able to make arbitrary changes to the
target system, so that the installation can complete successfully.  Additionally,
there is an ``NOPASSWD`` entry in the :file:`/etc/sudoers.d` for the default user, which
means that the default installer user can become root at any time with a
:command:`sudo` invocation.

Ubuntu-server ISO is listening by default with a random password
----------------------------------------------------------------

The Ubuntu Server ISO offers SSH access to the installation system to

> facilitate installations that need to start over a minimal serial line, and that may not

Reviewer: This is intending to talk about two use cases
1. serial access, which may or may not be rich enough to run the installer in any capacity
2. other users who for their own reasons would prefer SSH access - richer language support is one reason

Author: Thanks, @dbungert. I modified the wording to reflect your note. I'm curious though: how does SSH access offer richer lang. support?

Reviewer: If you're physically present at a linux non-GUI console, that console lacks support for some languages that we can support in a modern GUI-based unicode terminal.

https://github.com/canonical/subiquity/blob/main/languagelist has the list, the first column has the value `console` or `ssh` which shows the languages that can be shown in all environments (`console`) or only in the fuller unicode experience (`ssh`).

Author: Thank you!

> facilitate installations that need to start over a minimal serial line, and that may not
> be rich enough to run the installer user interface.  In that case, the SSH
> access information is printed on that serial line.

Author: ```suggestion
facilitate the following installation use cases:

 * The installation needs to start over a minimal serial line, which may not
be capable of running the installer user interface; in that case, the SSH
access information is printed on that serial line.

* The user prefers using SSH access to interact with the installer interface
(for example, for richer language support).
```
